Add max token TTL documentation [IPE-1372] (#1940)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-common/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/team-tokens.mdx

| Key path                      | Type   | Default | Description                                                                                                     |
| ----------------------------- | ------ | ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `data.type`                   | string |         | Must be `"authentication-token"`.                                                                               |

> | `data.attributes.expired-at`  | string | `null`  | The UTC date and time that the team token will expire, in ISO 8601 format. If omitted or set to `null`, the token will expire in 2 years from creation. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.expired-at`  | string | `null`  | The UTC date and time that the team token will expire in ISO 8601 format. If omitted or set to `null`, the token expires in two years from the date and time of creation. |
```
